Adding reference to PFS optimization basics (#528)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/data-management/lustre/flare.md

Home is 12 PB **Gecko** Lustre Filesystem with 32 OSTs and 12 MDTs. 

> [Follow this link for more information on Lustre Filesystem I/O optimization Basics ](IO-optimization_mcpheeters.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Follow this link for more basic information on I/O optimization for the Lustre Filesystem I/O](https://anl.box.com/s/uqmgnkn7i3z22c9xrwef8nn702wl22uy)
```
